When a program starts,
it gets its very own block of virtual memory.
Depending on the system,
this block can have an upper limit of let's say four gigabyte,
on a 32-bit system or 16 exabytes which is basically no limit at all on a 64-bit system.
The virtual memory of our program does have
some convenient properties as we have seen in the last section.
In addition to the contiguous address space,
so let's divide it into different areas, and as programmers,
we can use four out of six of these areas for storing data,
the rest is managed by the operating system.
The most important areas for us are the heap and the stacks,
which you may have heard about already.
From a memory management perspective,
the decision of how to use stack and keeping your program
is one of the core responsibilities of you as a programmer.
Now the implications of using memory on the heap are
fundamentally different from using an equal amount of memory on the stack.
This section is meant as an introduction into
the process memory model which you must adhere to as a C++ program.
The other section of this lesson will then
show you how to correctly use both stack and heap.
But let's not get ahead of ourselves and take a look at the memory model first